@<|
label('ch1', 'Chapter 1')
|>
Ergong::“I never thought we'd be trapped in the school by a rainstorm.”

President Wang Ergong furrows her showy brow in a rare way.

The autumn rain seems to have put her in a bad mood.

Everyone sitting in the student council room choose to remain silent.

All that can be heard in our ears is the dull repetition of the pattering rain.

Zhang Qianye shrugs his shoulders as if bored, and leans on the back of his chair.

That's his particular habit.

He is a thin young man with white hair, and he is the chief secretary of the student council.

Neither the teacher nor the janitor will be here today, so maybe we're the only student council members left in the entire school.

Thinking of this, I can't help but sigh.

Xiben::“Doesn't anyone bring an umbrella?”

Xiben curls her fingers in her hair, and her tone isn't too good.

Sun Xiben is in my class, but refuses to talk to me outside of the student council.

Like an unruly cat, Xiben always hangs slightly from the corner of her eyes, as she is aloof to everyone.

But if she smiled more, I'm sure she could charm a lot of boys.

That's what I really think.

Xiben's outstanding grades make her a student council member, and that's also why I can sit here.

Gaotian::“Everyone came too quickly!”

Chen Gaotian sways her soft black hair.

Gaotian::“Suddenly informed us that we're coming without even explaining why. I forgot to drink the milk tea I bought this morning.”

Ergong::“I don't want to be like this. Well, it's all because Qianye said that file was delivered.”

Qianye::“It still turns out to be postponed due to the storm. It's not my fault.”

Ergong::“You should have confirmed that before you told me!”

Qianye::“Well, you can also confirm it before calling the student council.”

Ergong and Qianye quarrel as usual.

I heard that they both ran for the student council president before I entered school. The result, of course, was that Ergong was elected.

Qianye had to settle for second best and became the chief secretary.

Because of this, they don't get along well and sometimes quarrel.

But watching them bicker all the time, onlookers might think that they were close.

I woodenly watch the interaction between the two.

It's part of the student council's daily routine.

At this moment, Gaotian pulls out the packaged bottles from the side of her bag. They look common among convenience stores.

She smiles with apology at me, then pushes the milk tea in front of me.

I watch her silently.

Gaotian's slender fingers look like ivory artwork under the classroom's fluorescent lights.

Gaotian::“I didn't pay attention when I bought it. The milk tea is slightly oversized.”

Gaotian::“Zhunei, if you don't mind…shall we drink it together?”

Gaotian is a classmate with me.

We started dating a month ago.

Gaotian was born in a single-parent family and never knew her father.

As a result, she is very sensitive and needs more care than most people.

Although we had been dating for some time, she only held my hand cautiously.

We never went any further with intimacy.

Even so, she seemed to feel very happy.

Perhaps because she is influenced by the autumn rain, now she makes such a request.

Everyone in the room looks at me, as they all know a little bit about Gaotian's past.

It's impossible for me to refuse.

Zhunei::“Okay.”

Gaotian::“I thought you would find it annoying.”

Gaotian smiles sympathetically and pats her chest lightly.

Zhunei::“Never mind.”

Gaotian::“You've been talking very little and wearing cool sunglasses, so I thought it would be hard to approach you at first.”

Gaotian::“Ah, I'm not saying that you're bad. Your grades are awesome, and you're doing a great job in the student council.”

Gaotian::“Especially very kind, really kind.”

Gaotian::“Very considerate to a featureless, stupid girl like me…”

Gaotian::“So it's true that you accepted my confession just because you felt sympathy for me.”

As Gaotian mumbles, the corners of her eyes moisten slightly.

She is still a crybaby.

My body stiffens, because I'm aware that Xiben and the president are both staring at me with sharp eyes.

Fortunately, Qianye changes the subject.

Qianye::“Ah, right, there're disposable cups in the storage room. As the milk tea is already cold…it's better to drink it slowly.”

Qianye says while shaking his pinky at me.

I comprehend immediately.

Zhunei::“I'll go get the cups.”

I turn around and leave the student council room.

As I walk out, I can still feel eyes following my back.
@<||>
