@<|
label('ch3', 'Chapter 3')
|>
To calm my mind, I'm watching the constant rain falling in the hallway.

It's a habit I picked up when playing with my childhood friend.

Looking back, those days were probably the happiest in my life.

I look down the hallway. Sure enough, Xiben is there.

As I watch through my sunglasses, her hair grows messy in the wind.

She is looking out the window, not at all interested in talking to me.

But I really want to talk to her.

Zhunei::“You're here too?”

Xiben doesn't answer me.

I walk over to her and repeat what I just asked.

Xiben turns around and looks across at me, then turns back again in disgust.

Xiben::“Why? Only if I watch that girl feeding milk tea to your mouth, you'll be happy?”

Zhunei::“You know, Gaotian is not that kind of person.”

Xiben::“Yeah, she's not that kind of person.”

Xiben still has her back to me, and I feel like she's going to cry.

Xiben::“It would be nice if she was even worse.”

I'm speechless.

Xiben::“Now you had been gone for so many years. Why did you come back wearing those stupid sunglasses?”

Xiben::“Do you think I won't recognize you if you wear them every day, transfer student?”

As a child, Xiben loved to cry. But as she grew up, she stopped showing her emotions to the outside world.

That might have something to do with me, so I can't let her get involved in all this.

Zhunei::“The hallway is so cold. Let's go back.”

Xiben holds her shoulders, staring at me.

Her feeble body is shivering in her uniform.

Xiben::“Is that what you want to say?”

I gaze at her in silence.

It's the first time since I joined the student council that I have the courage to fully look at her.

Compared to when she was a child, Xiben has grown taller, and her face has lost its childishness.

But she still has the ribbon I gave her tied around her head.

I look at the ribbon for a long time, then speaks.

Zhunei::“Yes, Xiben.”

Xiben::“You bastard!”

Having been slammed, I can only stare at Xiben running away.

I still clutch the glass vial firmly in my hand.
@<||>
